Is Acadia National Park the best one in the States? Well, if you're planning a nature adventure to Maine, here are 9 things you need to do on Island. At Lo-Tide, only walk to Bar Harbor Island. Make sure you walk back though before high tide, otherwise you're stranded. High-caprecipice or B-hive trail, depending on the time of year you visit. Rent an e-bike in town and take it to the carriage trails for a nature rollercoaster ride and get a Maine lobster roll from any shack. If Maine Blueberry Pies on the menu, get dessert. Sand Beach is great but usually crowded so get there early if you're trying to beach. Drive or hike up Cadillac Mountain, you'll need to make a reservation for this. Take a boat tour to see Mount Desert Island from the water. Drive to the other harbors like Seal and Southwest for the naturalest notebook in Seal Harbor, the coolest bookstore I've ever been to. And then get drinks at Batson River Fish Camp at the Claremont Hotel. Bar Harbor though is such a vibe we went for the 4th of July and had the best time.
Here's how to spend two days in a Katie and National Park. Catch sunrise at Cadillac Mountain, it will be stunning, I promise. Then head over to the Presipi Trail. It's definitely hard to check out my other videos on this hike. After that, we called it a day and went to eat at Lerie's, which was so good. The next day, hike the Beehive Trail. It's super popular, so go early. Unfortunately, we got a late start and it was way too crowded. Then we drove Loop Road to see the pull-offs, which were sand-beach, thunderhole, and ottercliffs. Next, we hiked the North Bubble, which was a super short hike overlooking Jordan pond. After that, we got up close to Jordan pond for a little. Then we tried to hit sunrise at Bass Harbor Lighthouse, but it was so foggy. We ended the night in Bar Harbor at Side Street, which was so good, followed by some incredible ice cream. See this video if you're planning a trip here.
Spend 24 hours in the most beautiful picturesque Queen Coastal town. This charming town is the perfect place to relax on winds and explore with plenty of ventures for all. After spending the morning exploring the waterfront have launched the waterfront restaurant, then head to downtown to check out the different shops. Camden Main is filled with gorgeous nature. Be sure to stop by and see the waterfall as well as the gorgeous harbor views. Located a short drive from downtown Camden is a must see bucketless item. This gorgeous overlook is well tucked away so be sure to keep an eye out for the Curtis Lighthouse overlook sign. Next, head's dinner at Blue Baron Distillery and Restaurant which is located dockside to the Camden Harbor. Enjoy gorgeous views and delicious drinks. For dinner or nightcap head to the view restaurant at 16 Bay View which has a phenomenal rooftop bar and restaurant. For more Camden Main best restaurant recommendations thanks to do a more check out my website at www.thecollectionbykcm.com
You meant to go to Maine this summer and never really got around to it, I implore you to still consider taking a trip to Camden this year. The grandmother grew up here and my parents were engaged in Camden, but I hadn't been back since I was a little kid. And while of course I found all the classic main things there from lobster rolls to antiqueing, it's also very much its own thing. The food and wine scene is really spectacular. There are so many art galleries and it's in close proximity to some of the best museums in Maine, and every shopkeeper seems to have a really interesting life story. Something really cool a local told us at this bar was that this is the top of Mount Batty and it's actually a ski lift in the winter. And all the local kids go skiing there after school. Stayed at the Whitehall Inn, which my great grandmother was once a housekeeper at. Not just made me feel so much more connected to Camden. So what are you waiting for? Book a trip!
